# GENERATING OPINIONATED SALES NEGOTIATIONS

Other people’s opinions are an important information source for both making informed decisions and acquiring knowledge. In offline sales negotiations, both the salesperson and the customer exchange product-related information about its features and their (personal) opinions on them. In online scenarios, customers commonly refer to product reviews to compare a limited number of options and make an informed decision. Similar to the offline sales channels, hearing about the subjective experience of other users is often more valuable than a purely fact-based question answering. A conversational agent tasked with online sales will have to enact the role of a salesperson and be capable of reacting to both product feature-related questions as well as opinions expressed by a (human) customer.

To date, researchers have mostly focused on summarizing the pros and cons of products from the respective reviews. In order for the conversational agent to hold a longer sales conversation, it is necessary to construct a large source corpus of product-related opinionated dialogues. To this end, we tap product reviews as a rich source of a mixture of feature-related statements that are both factual and opinionated. By mining such statements, this enables the template-based simulation of sales conversations with various properties.

In this work, we develop a framework, which encompasses the mining and generation pipeline that resulted in a novel conversational dataset of opinionated sales conversations. We further demonstrate the potential usefulness of synthetically generated sales conversations of this kind by augmenting the Multi-Domain Wizard-of-Oz dataset (MultiWOZ), and thus, the training data of state-of-the-art models for the dialog state tracking task, improving their overall joint accuracy on the original test data.
